{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red47\green120\blue126;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c6667\c6667\c6667;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
\cssrgb\c22745\c54118\c56863;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25780\viewh12800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.laszlopusztai.net/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Laszlo Pusztai}}
\f0\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf3 \cb2 CREATING A WI-FI ACCESS POINT ON OS X\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 \cb2 February 14, 2016 by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.laszlopusztai.net/author/laszlop/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Laszlo Pusztai}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb2 OS X has a built-in Internet Sharing feature that practically creates a Wi-Fi access point to share an existing network connection. The next obstacle\'a0is that you need the network you want to share to be in the \'93connected\'94 state (think cable plugged in both to the computer and into a router). Unfortunately\'a0the built-in 
\f1\i loopback
\f0\i0  interface (which is always connected and provides access to the local computer only) is not accessible from the Network preference pane in System Preferences\'a0(one more stupidity).\cb1 \
\cb2 The key to the trick is to make\'a0the loopback interface appear in the Network pane. Actually, it\'92s pretty straightforward:\'a0launch the 
\f2\b Terminal
\f0\b0  app and copy & paste the following two commands (working on both Yosemite and El Capitan):\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf4 \cb2 sudo networksetup -createnetworkservice Loopback lo0
\f0 \cb1 \

\f3 \cb2 sudo networksetup -setmanual Loopback 172.20.42.42 255.255.255.255\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\cb2 Enter your password to allow these modifications if OS X asks for\'a0it.\cb1 \
\cb2 Now\'a0your Network preference pane should list the brand new Loopback service:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb2 It\'92s still listed as \'93not connected\'94, but don\'92t worry, that\'92s just a bug.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf4 \cb2 Side note: if you use multiple \'93network locations\'94, you need to repeat the above commands for each location. If you just use the Automatic location, then you can move to the next step.
\f0\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb2 Go to the Sharing preference pane, and on the list of services click\'a0
\f2\b Internet Sharing
\f0\b0 . If the service is already on, turn it off.\'a0Choose the Loopback service as the one you want to share your connection from. And\'a0share to computers using Wi-Fi.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb2 You can set up the shared Wi-Fi network (the network we\'92ll connect the camera to) by clicking the 
\f2\b Wi-Fi Options
\f0\b0 \'a0button. Here is the Wi-Fi Options screen:The network name is your computer\'92s name by default, but I\'92d recommend to enter a simple alphanumeric name (containing no special characters), as Canon cameras have issues with displaying characters outside of the simple letters and numbers range.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb2 \
All other options are the usual Wi-Fi setup options. A few notes though. Channels 1-11 use the 2.4 GHz band, while 36-48 use the 5 GHz band. Transmitters in the 70D and 6D only operate on the 2.4 GHz band, while the external WFT-E7 brick operates on both. The 5 GHz band is faster and generally has less interference from other networks and appliances operating in the crowded 2.4 GHz band. For security, choose WPA2 Personal (the other option is None, which is unacceptable).\cb1 \
\cb2 \
Once the Wi-Fi options are entered, you can start the sharing service. To do it, click the check box in front of its name in the list. OS X may ask to turn on your Wi-Fi radio if it was off, and will ask your confirmation to start the sharing service. After the service has been successfully started you\'92ll see a screen similar to the one below:\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf4 \cb2 IMPORTANT:
\f0\b0  due to an OS X bug, your\'a0selection in the share from list may change to another (random) network service. So you must\'a0check whether it still shows the Loopback service after each start!\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb2 The Wi-Fi icon on the menu bar will change to the sharing icon once the sharing service is ready to accept connections.}